[IRQ-472] fix/udpate pentest procedure (#3244)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/security/procedures/2000-01-01-external-testing.md

This document defines specifically the scope of the pentesting, its duration, and give several restrictions.

{% note %}

> By default, and to speed up requests, **Scalingo will offer you its audit agreement template**. The document will be systematically transferred to you for review and approval before signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To streamline the process, Scalingo will by default provide its standard audit agreement template. This document will always be sent to you for review and approval prior to signature.
```

> In the event that you or your service provider needs to use its own agreement template, it is possible to transfer it to us. It will then be evaluated internally by our competent departments. Additional time may be required to process the request fully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you or your service provider prefer to use your own audit agreement template, you may submit it to us. It will then undergo internal review by the appropriate departments. Please note that this may extend the processing time.
```

- Should not disrupt the normal working of the platform
- No use of social engineering, physical intrusion...

#### You need to use your own agreement: procedure to follow

1. Send the authorization document (signed by the customer and the pentesting
   service provider) to the Security Team at the address [security@scalingo.com](mailto:security@scalingo.com)

> 2. We will reply within 7 business days to give you the authorization or suggest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We will respond within 7 business days to either grant authorization or propose 
```

>    you another time period if there are already too many pentests scheduled at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   an alternative timeframe if the requested date conflicts with other scheduled
```

>    this date or if the agreement document is requesting mandatory updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   penetration tests or if the submitted agreement requires mandatory revisions
```
